DOCS-1645: Fix code comments and code blocks (#809)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise_versioned_docs/version-3.14/networking/egress/egress-gateway-maintenance.mdx

> In order to widen our maintenance window, we must adjust the `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` field on our egress gateway pods. The amount of time we allot for the termination grace period will dictate how much time a dependent workload has to prepare for a gateway going down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To widen our maintenance window, we can adjust the `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` field on our egress gateway pods. The amount of time we set for the termination grace period dictates how much time a dependent workload has to prepare for a gateway going down.
```

Author: Done

> Let's add a termination grace period of 60 seconds to all pods in our egress gateway deploymment, so that our egress-dependent workloads have a wider window to react. The Egress Gateway resource must be patched with the new `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` as below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's add a termination grace period of 60 seconds to all pods in our egress gateway deployment so the egress-dependent workloads have more time to react. Update the  Egress Gateway resource with the new `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` as below:
```

Author: Done

Once the updated egress gateway deployment rolls out, we're ready to observe the gateway maintenance annotations {{prodname}} adds to your dependent workloads. Let's simulate cluster maintenance by deleting an egress gateway pod. It should take 60 seconds to terminate - the amount of time defined by `terminationGracePeriodSeconds`.

> Show pods in default namespace - two egress gateway pods and one application pod using them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Show pods in default namespace: one application pod using two egress gateway pods.
```

Author: Done

```sh
  kubectl get pods -o wide
```
Response:
```
NAME                                      READY   STATUS              RESTARTS   AGE     IP
application-with-long-lived-connections   1/1     Running             0          20m    192.168.192.210
egress-gateway-6576ccdf66-fxdvh           1/1     Running             0          3m     10.10.10.1
egress-gateway-6644fbb56b-5xbh2           1/1     Running             0          3m     10.10.10.0
```

> Delete one of the egress gateways being used by the application pod - do not block waiting for termination to finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete one of the egress gateways being used by the application pod; do not block waiting for termination to finish.
```

Author: Done

Once our patched sample deployment has been fully rolled out, each of our application pods should now depend on at-most 1 egress gateway replica. Lets bring down another egress gateway pod and monitor our application logs:

Begin the termination of an egress gateway pod.

```sh
kubectl delete pod egress-gateway-6576ccdf66-c42v7 --wait=false
```
Response:
```
pod "egress-gateway-6576ccdf66-c42v7" deleted
```
Collect logs from each application pod.

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```
